for Mika is being unsettled but I am up
and ready to go kill my so yes guys
welcome back to another play career mode
and we unfortunately didn't get selected
for our stilt game which is a big
disappointment cuz I want to be played
but our reason for its because our
fitness levels were down I member on
fifa 11 e a little bar about your
fitness i wish she brought something
like our back in because sometimes i
don't read the messages and i want money
click off and if i'm recording i keep
them but if I don't and like no but we
end up winning that game 2 when I really
want to play in the cut but hope now
we're four we can decide we can play in
the future hopefully when our first game
we are playing wigan athletic and this
is at Wigan at ivy lane I want to
mention one thing I am considering and
doing a different style of commentary
for this it will be a live commentary
and if we cut down into segments so
personified L live konyen and I do the
best highlights of the commentary but it
wouldn't be a necessary alive can't be
where I keep talking like this but it'll
be a more of a life convey that right
you go past this ball yoga like options
options now pass it on in the middle
nothing old god that was close something
down knows I put more like if I was
actually playing if you get what i mean
so if I was playing I was talking to
myself doing the game you'll be selling
down nose line so I want to get your
thoughts on if you don't really
understand why mean I might do a pilot
next week or something like that just to
see how it goes down because I really
want to try something else an experiment
a little bit because everyone does
compras like this Donny so I really want
to try something different say that I
got something different in my play Korea
we did pull an injury and then it was
apparently straight after so that was a
bit irritating but we don't get taken
off straight away which is good and we
can hopefully carry on playing
throughout the whole 90 minutes but in
the 20th minute now we asked for the
ball get the ball to I don't allow that
she is cuz I can tell love the ball over
now looks for the shop but unfortunately
we don't actually score so yeah look in
the genes for comp you run a little bit
i'll do a pilot maybe next week say how
it actually goes down and the yes oh
yeah thanks for listening to that if you
don't go i mean i'll try and do some
light now next week Barry 35th minute
per
who born out of the sand or the Santa we
do go in for the tackle but fortunately
we give away a penalty which was I no no
no shake it all about why am I going in
for tacos like that I shouldn't actually
be attempting those hotels it to be
honest if I didn't attempt it when he
would've been apparently and two they
more like what across the dinner missed
anyway so I kind of just ruined it for
my team one-nil down at the halftime and
hopefully it does look like we could get
taken off because we are still injured
as well which is kind of retaining that
said we could be up for a few weeks but
anyway we did do it again taking off and
never midfielder does come on for our
replacement which does that are great a
different team one that happened but
anyway more guns person does step up for
the free kick in just a moment changing
with that something i don't know
potentially only does school a brilliant
free-kick he comes running off the
sidelines because he knows he wants to
celebrate with me and it's a brilliant
goal because i love person for free kids
he is an amazing player in my opinion
look at that dipped into the bottom
right-hand corner holub seat could have
done a little bit better but anyway the
Freak it was too good in my opinion so
we do in a drawing that game because we
are a bottom like a relegation candidate
team now because he won he just got
promoted so do on the wigan is it's okay
we should be beating them burn way 66.1
rate in oh not like good out for three
weeks which if my opinions like no why
is this happening again we don't want to
be tagged I I think tags the correct
word as an injury-prone player because
teams wouldn't want to buy us because
teens want a reliable play which we can
play week-in week-out and I'm pulling
injuries just farm jumping up and
landing awkward too often I think there
is and I seem to have issues with my
knee because if we notice in the first
season you can go backwards in like
episode one or two and bad day I
actually twisted my knee then and now
I've actually sprained my knee so I seem
to have an issue with my right knee so
hopefully that doesn't keep coming as a
reoccurrence so I did put two tables in
and I didn't miss it in a total of four
games within that three-week period and
two international games and also to
League
games we only got one point in a
possible six in the league and we are
going out the play against chelsea in
the moment but in the international game
photos probably not to actually play
really want to play for my country but
anyway we have to deal with the injury
and maybe next time surfing me come out
the bag for us when we are playing
chelsea and going into this game
thinking about their people may not look
at it like this all you just turn the
side but for the manager to rely on me
over Murphy over a teal to actually come
into the midfield against chelsea in my
opinion is a big achievement because
just do the fact that right if I'm gonna
start 11 against be teams like this
hopefully bigger teams can recognize
this same right he's doing a good job
against Chelsea not just doing a good
job against wigan or something like that
on doing a job like freaking poor tackle
a but anyway we didn't zactly do a good
job on not conceding Fernando Torres
somehow scores you can tell this is a
video game that doesn't happen in real
life 23rd minute does make it one nil
but unfortunately Chelsea we're quite a
tough team to actually start so I drop
back because I want to try and get
defensive role going on even on set as a
cam it's kind of irritating that the
formation and playing the team I really
want to go to I really want them to play
like 4 12 and 2 or something with a
attacking formation maybe even there for
free free I think I'd be a pretty good
workers for our base as a sentiment fear
that they you can push up a little bit
and even if you do play a full free free
attacking and you're gonna play as a
type me feel the day but anyway your
poor defending from hang me I think it
is an Oscar takes it well after we
should have easily cleared it not to
make it free nail and this was one that
I is so annoying that I kind of close
down the area prevented him from trying
to do is saying but nothing actually
happened from the 90th minute we pull
the ball out onto the right-hand side 1
2 passen like this we asked for the ball
back on the edge of the box and we do go
for the shop with the left peg and it's
just all the keeper just over the net
guys and that's it we do ain't losing
that game free nail a big loss in my
opinion but it is Chelsea we've got a
luncheon we wander the next game so they
see you find some
actually hope you all enjoyed this
axle-back the net podcast will to meet
will be tomorrow and also monday will be
oldham athletic rumors so thanks for
watching guys and I hope you all enjoyed
this I'm watching you see and if we can
get there I always see 250 lights is
always a target but anyway if we get to
any likes I'll be amazing adios guys
back